images have emerged today from Gaza
which appear to show dozens of
Palestinian men on their knees stripped
to their underwear being held by Israel
Defense Forces it's not clear if they
have surrendered or if they have been
taken by the military Israel has not
said who the men are but it has
confirmed that its forces are making
arrests in Gaza the new images come as
tens of thousands of Palestinians are
streaming into Rafa City near the Gaza
strip's Southern border with Egypt
trying to escape intense fighting
elsewhere the head of humanitarian
Affairs for the United Nations says
there is no longer any humanitarian
operation worthy of that name in the
south of Gaza from Jerusalem here our
International editor Jeremy Bowen a
warning you may find some of his images
upsetting video emerged this afternoon
of Palestinian men taken for
interrogation BBC staff recognized the
town of beia in Northern Gaza and we've
geolocated the video there too
Palestinian diplomats said these were
Savage images evoking Humanity's darkest
times the Israeli Army said only that
suspects were being
interrogated posts on social media said
the men had been Sheltering with their
families at a un school and that others
were killed during the Israeli raid in
this photo the men have been moved to
another location which we have not been
able to
verify one of the captives diar alh
halut is a journalist he was forced to
leave his disabled daughter according to
the newspaper he works for in London
earlier at Israel's parliament a
prominent government supporter told me
that only Israeli forces can control
Gaza not the independent Palestine the
Americans want I think that when we talk
about uh two-state Solutions we are
solution we are um using three words and
three lies it's not two it's not a state
and it's definitely not a solution so
what's the answer an everlasting
occupation first occupation is not the
word you cannot be you cannot one cannot
occupy its own land Israel is not an
occupier in Israel because that's the
land of Israel so what about Gaza again
that's the land of Israel land of Israel
you cannot be occupying it we're not
occupying it from anyone in Gaza
civilans are lost in the rubble of
Israeli strikes so far the world is not
close to controlling the powerful
chaotic forces Unleashed by this war the
UN Secretary General saying
International Peace and security is in
Jeopardy is demanding an immediate
ceasefire a Palestinian leader told me
that the US and UK must not veto the
next ceasefire resolution the United
States of America and Britain now has
the key if they oppose resolution about
immediate ceasefire they will not be
complicit only with this AG aggression
they will be a participant in these war
crimes they have to approve the
ceasefire immediately because what is at
stake is the life of 2.3 million people
now half of them are
children without a political solution
this conflict will go on when if Israel
declares victory in Gaza the war will
not have a neat ending two opposing
forces are at work here on the one hand
and pressure forceas fire on the other
the determination of the Americans and
the British to give Israel the time it
needs to achieve its objectives and one
Western Diplomat I talked to was
thinking about perhaps another month now
the UN Secretary General wants to hurry
that process up by putting pressure on
them and also shaming them into taking
action
sooner as gaza's food cues get longer
the UN says it cannot run a Dependable
humanitarian
operation with hungry people jumping
warehouse fences Israel says World Peace
requires gaza's Liberation from Hamas
and that will take Force Jeremy bow BBC
News Jerusalem